yeah yeah no money for transportation
running co-op facing my body can get the
patient's lifestyle fill in the mates
and nobody's fault do you figure forever
why must this fall
tasting and Bevers I better never stop
playing my heart can't afford them all
window-shopping became my hobby from
humble beginnings but my car to start at
this Lobby tumbled into sending a minute
became our hobby grinding every day
finding myself chilling probably
wondering how to fit in with the normal
catch every morning a street rat no type
of shit really be taking craps while in
my attacks and then go back to I think
is a bit no violin I tracked all I do we
do my racks no time to get the sack
nowadays and that I got a Spitzer like
it laughs get it older but I'm still a
kid who wants to laugh from humble
beginnings and now I'm killing for this
tax cut enough for lunch food on the
stove goes oh oh oh my chance to smile
enough for lunch belly food on the stove
go get it
losing oh oh
I was on my grind not wasting time and
sends a smile the life ain't fine